Romans 12:1
I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable to God, which is your reasonable service.
Romans 12:2
And do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God.
Romans 12:3
For I say, through the grace given to me, to everyone who is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly, as God has dealt to each one a measure of faith.
Romans 12:4
For as we have many members in one body, but all the members do not have the same function,
Romans 12:5
so we, being many, are one body in Christ, and individually members of one another.
Romans 12:6
Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, let us use them: if prophecy, let us prophesy in proportion to our faith;
Romans 12:7
or ministry, let us use it in our ministering; he who teaches, in teaching;
Romans 12:8
he who exhorts, in exhortation; he who gives, with liberality; he who leads, with diligence; he who shows mercy, with cheerfulness.
Romans 12:9
Let love be without hypocrisy. Abhor what is evil. Cling to what is good.
Romans 12:10
Be kindly affectionate to one another with brotherly love, in honor giving preference to one another;
Romans 12:11
not lagging in diligence, fervent in spirit, serving the Lord;
Romans 12:12
rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, continuing steadfastly in prayer;
Romans 12:13
distributing to the needs of the saints, given to hospitality.
Romans 12:14
Bless those who persecute you; bless and do not curse.
Romans 12:15
Rejoice with those who rejoice, and weep with those who weep.
Romans 12:16
Be of the same mind toward one another. Do not set your mind on high things, but associate with the humble. Do not be wise in your own opinion.
Romans 12:17
Repay no one evil for evil. Have regard for good things in the sight of all men.
Romans 12:18
If it is possible, as much as depends on you, live peaceably with all men.
Romans 12:19
Beloved, do not avenge yourselves, but rather give place to wrath; for it is written, "Vengeance is Mine, I will repay," says the Lord.
Romans 12:20
Therefore "If your enemy is hungry, feed him; If he is thirsty, give him a drink; For in so doing you will heap coals of fire on his head."
Romans 12:21
Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.

